docs: propagate Python to all parts of the Platform documentation (#711)
apify/apify-docs: sources/platform/storage/dataset.md

![Datasets detail view](./images/datasets-detail.png)

### JavaScript SDK {#javascript-sdk}

> If you are building a JavaScript [Actor](../actors/index.mdx), you will be using the [JavaScript SDK](/sdk/js/docs/guides/result-storage#dataset). The dataset is represented by a [`Dataset`](/sdk/js/reference/class/Dataset) class. You can use the class to specify whether your data is stored locally or in the Apify cloud, push data to the datasets of your choice using the [`pushData()`](/sdk/js/reference/class/Dataset#pushData) method. You could also use other methods such as [`getData()`](/sdk/js/reference/class/Dataset#getData), [`map()`](/sdk/js/reference/class/Dataset#map) and [`reduce()`](/sdk/js/reference/class/Dataset#reduce), see the [example](/sdk/js/docs/examples/map-and-reduce).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are building a JavaScript [Actor](../actors/index.mdx), you will be using the [JavaScript SDK](/sdk/js/docs/guides/result-storage#dataset). The dataset is represented by a [`Dataset`](/sdk/js/reference/class/Dataset) class. You can use the class to specify whether your data is stored locally or in the Apify cloud and push data to the datasets of your choice using the [`pushData()`](/sdk/js/reference/class/Dataset#pushData) method. You could also use other methods such as [`getData()`](/sdk/js/reference/class/Dataset#getData), [`map()`](/sdk/js/reference/class/Dataset#map) and [`reduce()`](/sdk/js/reference/class/Dataset#reduce), see the [example](/sdk/js/docs/examples/map-and-reduce).
```

await Actor.exit();
```

See the [JavaScript SDK documentation](/sdk/js/docs/guides/result-storage#dataset) and the `Dataset` class's [API reference](/sdk/js/reference/class/Dataset) for details on managing datasets with the JavaScript SDK.

### Python SDK {#python-sdk}

> If you are building a Python [Actor](../actors/index.mdx), you will be using the [Python SDK](/sdk/python/docs/concepts/storages#working-with-datasets). The dataset is represented by a [`Dataset`](/sdk/python/reference/class/Dataset) class. You can use the class to specify whether your data is stored locally or in the Apify cloud, push data to the datasets of your choice using the [`push_data()`](/sdk/python/reference/class/Dataset#push_data) method. You could also use other methods such as [`get_data()`](/sdk/python/reference/class/Dataset#get_data), [`map()`](/sdk/python/reference/class/Dataset#map) and [`reduce()`](/sdk/python/reference/class/Dataset#reduce).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are building a Python [Actor](../actors/index.mdx), you will be using the [Python SDK](/sdk/python/docs/concepts/storages#working-with-datasets). The dataset is represented by a [`Dataset`](/sdk/python/reference/class/Dataset) class. You can use the class to specify whether your data is stored locally or in the Apify cloud and push data to the datasets of your choice using the [`push_data()`](/sdk/python/reference/class/Dataset#push_data) method. You could also use other methods such as [`get_data()`](/sdk/python/reference/class/Dataset#get_data), [`map()`](/sdk/python/reference/class/Dataset#map) and [`reduce()`](/sdk/python/reference/class/Dataset#reduce).
```

You can access a dataset from any [Actor](../actors/index.mdx) or [task](../actors/running/tasks.md) run as long as you know its **name** or **ID**.

> To access a dataset from another run using the [JavaScript SDK](/sdk/js) or the [Python SDK](/sdk/python), open it using the same method like you would do with any other dataset.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To access a dataset from another run using the [JavaScript SDK](/sdk/js) or the [Python SDK](/sdk/python), open it using the same method as you would with any other dataset.
```
